while millions of people are in
quarantine due to an unprecedented
global pandemic three top-of-the-line
video games are released within a week
of each other so for gamers all the
social distancing self-isolation and
working from home during this
frightening time has been begun its
software enjoyed the best launch weekend
in doom franchise history yet those
seals were tripled by Nintendo's Animal
Crossing proving once again that gaming
doesn't just promote violence guns kill
me we need down kill we down with
chilling peace peace it also promotes
community building beautiful days in the
neighborhood and uncontrollable
addiction if you're familiar with this
channel you know that New Horizons is my
most anticipated game of all time Oh
latter and you know that doom 2016 has
the highest rating I've ever given a
game with a score of 16 so when New
Horizons and doom eternal came out on
the same day deciding what to review
first was like
[Music]
after much deliberation we decided to
start with doom eternals 15 hour long
campaign because Animal Crossing is
about 15,000 hours long in addition our
last doom video was about what it's like
to actually play the game whereas most
of our content is about what it's like
to live with someone who plays the game
meaning this time we had to review doom
from a back seat perspective meaning I
had to watch my boyfriend perform heavy
metal gut splosions for two days
straight before I could finally move to
tone it down
so this isn't a review of doom eternal
cat this is a review of what it's like
to live with someone who plays Doom
eternal this video was sponsored by Ray
Khan stick around to the end of the
video so we can tell you all about it -
probably no one's surprise witnessing
demonic genocide is not as fun as
committing demonic genocide I liked it
in fact I predicted this last year when
I said and if this were a normal episode
of girlfriend reviews my main complaint
would be don't get me wrong the music is
awesome
I mean listen to this
I love how the brute force of the
instruments and emphatic rhythm section
make me feel so powerful I just want a
head bang you know and maybe drink the
blood of a virgin in the wood and the
sound design is extraordinarily
meticulous
[Music]
literally everything doom guy does
create such a unique noise that you know
exactly how he's ripping and tearing
what just by listening + and doom
eternal they've added cartoony effects
to the murdering so it's kind of like
watching Saving Private Ryan if it was
edited by America's Funniest Home Videos
now this is just my opinion but no
matter how delightfully ravenous a heavy
metal album is I'd rather not hear it
with a machine gun Looney Tunes and my
boyfriend going boom in my ears my eyes
were also under assault see that one
that's how my eyes feel right now again
don't get me wrong the visuals are
incredible I mean look at this
[Music]
Creedy and the gameplay is totally sick
to its stomach with diarrhea Christmas
lights we coined that phrase sometime
last year and doom eternal has inspired
me to define it
diarrhea Christmas lights explosive
squirts filled with colorful chunks that
our video game uses to blind me
however in software's attention to
detail on every fiery eruption every
gushing pick up every discharged
projectile every dropping bomb and every
evacuated bowel is so painstaking that I
could actually tell what was being
pooped on my face as the game went on it
just got Messier and Messier until my
boyfriend was practically drowning in
enemies but still I wanted more like
every gun we have to fire on that man
[Music]
and no spoilers it was only in the
positively mental final boss battle that
the flood of crap on the screen went
over my head
so when doom guy walked out of that
shitstorm like the fattest mother 4 in
all of gaming I was genuinely impressed
by my boyfriend oh yeah devotee lastly
since we're doing a more traditional
episode of girlfriend reviews I need to
talk about the hole up a minutes or as
doom eternal calls them secrets like
there's secret oh yeah baby go fight the
demons no I have secret secrets yeah
apparently when doom guy isn't
maniacally slaying demons he's
maniacally collecting memorabilia earth
has become a literal hell scape and
humanity's only salvation was my
boyfriend who'd look upon the rubble and
say hold up a minute
this Funko will look great on my pop
shell in one level his objective was to
build the crucible a mighty blade strong
enough to kill a Titan let alone a man
and it took a thousand years to forge
because my boyfriend was like pull up a
minute this poster will look great in my
foyer and those are just the secrets
that don't affect the gameplay the
others are these manhole covers that you
spend on enhancements and there are so
many to find that by the end of the game
my boyfriend had 10 extra with nothing
left to buy then the worst gameplay
interruptions actually happened during
the gameplay when instead of just you
know having a good time my boyfriend
would obsess over weapon upgrade
challenges like throwing up a minute I
got a stick of grenade to the specific
enemies weak spot 10 billion times
[Music]
oh yeah and again by the end of the game
he had a bunch of giant hell nickels to
purchase those upgrades with but
couldn't because he had already mastered
each weapon instead of playing Animal
Crossing with me fishing all my fishies
and stuff oh yeah right like you don't
have enough patience are you kidding me
what is that thing I want it I never got
I'm keeping no I'm keeping it give it to
my guy give it to me it's my fish these
are my waters in conclusion doom eternal
is really good you guys
I still love doom don't worry but it is
my duty as a pretend gaming journalist
to give an honest report of what it's
like to live with someone who plays
games and for a gamer doom eternal maybe
the most frenetically violent
first-person shooter ever made with the
most face moulting lee loud soundtrack
ever written but for a backseat gamer
it's the most phonetically violent
first-person shooter ever made with the
most face meltingly loud soundtrack ever
written by the time my boyfriend jumped
into the multiplayer I was thankful that
I had my rake on earbuds rake on is a
company founded by Ray J who not only is
a music industry giant but had his own
dating show which is my favorite genre
of television so he knows what's up a
pair of ray cones cost half the price of
any other premium wireless earbud on the
market their newest model the everyday
e25 earbuds are their best ones yet with
six hours of playtime seamless bluetooth
pairing more bass and a more compact
design that gives you a nice
noise-isolating fit it also comes in new
fun colors they sound just as amazing as
other top quality audio brands without
any of the discomfort so go to the link
in the description below for 15% off
your order your ears deserve it alright
guys thanks for being so patient while
we got through three humongous game
releases this month next we'll get to
work on our Animal Crossing video then
half-life Alex don't forget to follow us
on Twitch so you can hang out with us
while we play our games ok thanks again
bye
[Music]